README.md, before:

# Temporary_test_repo_for_Discord_friends
# Email_and_password phishing templates to replace  with deafult content in /ag1/www/
- when evil twin attack is running.
- if user got airgeddon https plugin those themplates will bypass http warnings etc.
- if not https templates overitte desydult airgeddon text displayed for user after login.( You can change tect to wathewer)
- if you'r not sure how to replace templates, se video below to get an idé.
- Video is in spanish , but forget everything other then how to replace
- content in ag1/www .The www folder need to bee open as root todo so.
- If any question hit mee up on Dicord , or use the email found at github-overview.
- Remenber , you only need to replace the image and text too test against other target like scool etc,
- How you get permission is off-topic for mee.That't you problem.
- Templates to be used / dropped  in airgeddon/plugins/customportals will be added to this repo in a day or 2.
- I let repo stay for a week or two , then it will be replaced with a final email-pishing repo,
- I just like todo some small fix first.
- Email validation, confirme password etc is aldeady added to
- make templates more legit and tobee less  - suspicion to the victims.
- Email & password will popup in a .txt file at you Desktop.
- .txt file might use name "password" for the email, below is emails "password".
- Thats because of the way airgeddon handle postdata .(Will be fixed in final repo)
- Images of the 2 phishing templates as user see them on his/her phone:

- ![Hotel Image](hotel.jpeg)   ![Concert Image](concert.jpeg)

 - Video who shows how & where to add the templates;
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbmnzlNBIE0

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and corrections
Updated README with clearer instructions and fixed typos.

README.md, after:

# Temporary_test_repo_for_Discord_friends
# Email_and_password phishing templates to replace  with the deafult content in /ag1/www/ when evil twin attack is running
- if user got airgeddon https plugin those templates will bypass http warnings etc. Whiteout https-plugin templates still capture credentials & overitte deafult text displayed for user after submit.
- if you'r not sure how to replace the files, se video below to get an idé.
Video is in spanish, forget everything    else then how to replace all files in ag1/www folder as code in video is very different and for AP password only.
 The www folder must bee open as root to replace all files in /www folder.
- If any question hit mee up on Dicord , - - or use email found at github overview.
- Remenber, you only need to replace image - and text to test against other targets,    like a school or whatever
- Templates for use  in                airgeddon/plugins/customportals will be added to this repo in a day or 2.
- This temporary repo will be replaced with a final email-pishing repo in a week.
  I just like to fix small things first.
- Email validation, confirme password etc is aldeady added to make templates act more legit and less suspicion for victims.
- Email & password typed will popup in a  txt file at you Desktop.
- Images of the 2 phishing templates as user see them in his phone
- ![Hotel Image](hotel.jpeg)   ![Concert Image](concert.jpeg)

 - Video who shows how & where to add the templates;
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbmnzlNBIE0
